Add client rack-awareness support to Mirror Maker 2 (#6660)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.Rack.adoc

.Example showing client consuming from replicas in the same availability zone
image::rack-config-availability-zones.png[consuming from replicas in the same availability zone]

> Consuming messages from the closest replicas can be used also in Kafka Connect and Mirror Maker 2 for connectors which are consuming messages.
> Enabling rack awareness in the `KafkaConnect` and `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resource will not set any affinity rules, but you can also configure `affinity` or `topologySpreadConstraints`.
> For more information see xref:assembly-scheduling-str[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure Kafka Connect and MirrorMaker 2.0 so that connectors consume messages from the closest replicas.  
You enable rack awareness in the `KafkaConnect` and `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resources. 
The configuration does does not set affinity rules, but you can also configure `affinity` or `topologySpreadConstraints`.
For more information see xref:assembly-scheduling-str[].
```

kind: KafkaConnect
# ...
spec:
  # ...
  rack:
    topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
  # ...
----

> When deploying Mirror Maker 2 using Strimzi, you can use the `rack` section in the `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resource to automatically configure the `client.rack` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying MirrorMaker 2.0 using Strimzi, you can use the `rack` section in the `KafkaMirrorMaker2` custom resource to automatically configure the `client.rack` option.
```

.Example `rack` configuration for Mirror Maker 2
[source,yaml,subs=attributes+]
----
apiVersion: {KafkaMirrorMaker2ApiVersion}
kind: KafkaMirrorMaker2
# ...
spec:
  # ...
  rack:
    topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
  # ...

> ----

Reviewer 2: What is the actual impact on the different MM2 connectors? Is this something what is desired for all of them?

Author: This is mainly for MirrorSourceConnector which creates a consumer inside its task. The other two don't, so it's simply ignored.
